Add a doc on changing a slug and creating a redirect in Whitehall (#1718)
alphagov/govuk-developer-docs: source/manual/howto-change-slug-and-create-redirect.html.md

---
owner_slack: "#govuk-2ndline"
title: Change a slug and create redirect in Whitehall
section: Publishing
layout: manual_layout
parent: "/manual.html"
last_reviewed_on: 2019-04-29
review_in: 6 months
---

### Change a slug and create redirect in Whitehall

##### Whitehall

> A Rake Tasks exist in Whitehall to quickly change the slug of a Document. It also reindexes the Document with it's new slug, republishes the document to Publishing API, which automatically handles the redirect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Rake Task exists in Whitehall to quickly change the slug of a Document. It also reindexes the Document with it's new slug, republishes the document to Publishing API, which automatically handles the redirect.
```
